♪ [music] ♪
One of the, probably, easiest way to
deploy your website is using something
called "now." If you've never heard of it,
it's actually pretty new.
Now is a way to deploy any type of
application that you have. It started
primarily with deploying no JS
applications, but now, you can deploy any
type of application you want. And it comes
with free open-source hosting,
which means that if you just want to
deploy your application really quickly,
you can do it for free to now, and it's
going to give you a domain and a bunch of
space to actually do it, and then you can
always upgrade your account to a paid one.
But if you just want to try it out to host
your application, maybe to show someone,
now is a great use case for this. Now, we
don't want to have to make our own server
for this, so they also have this thing
called "now-serve," which will allow us
just to serve up the static html file,
which is exactly what we want.
Let's go over to our iTerm. We need to
install a couple of things first.
You want to type "npm install -g," make
sure you spell install,
"install -g," and you want to install
"now" and "now-serve". And then it's going
to go ahead and globally install those for
you. If you've never logged into now,
simply just type, "now," and it's going to
prompt you to log in or create an account.
I've already done that, so I don't need to
do that. However, when you are all set-up,
we need to first build our application,
which we can do again.
I've deleted my build directory, so "npm
run build". Once that's created,
I'm going to move into my build directory.
Again, double-check that you're actually
in your build directory, not inside of the
catch-of-the-day directory.
If we see the files that we have there,
you'll see that's where our index.html is.
Now, the very basic of how now-serve works
is you simply type "ns" and hit enter,
and that's going to actually deploy it to
the cloud. It's not going to work right
away and I'm going to show you
why. What it did right here
is it deployed it to the cloud for me and
it's brought me to this URL,
where it's just a temporary URL. Every
time you deploy, you're going to get a new
URL. You can apply a domain name to it if
you like, but I'm just going
to use this one right here.
Now, it seems like it works. And I visit
the store "fierce-angry-feet," and it
actually works, and I can sign in and do
all that good stuff. But look at the URL
here, "store/fierce-angry-feet," where is
this html coming from?
That html is still coming from
"index.html" and it seems to work.
However, if I would now refresh this page
or send someone to this URL,
it says, "not found". And that's because
now-serve is a static html and it's
actually looking for a folder called store
and a folder called fierce-angry-feet,
which is not what we want. We want the
server to serve up our index.html
regardless of the URL here, and then we'll
take over the routing on the client's
side. So we need a little bit further and
pass some arguments here.
We need to type "ns" and then pass a
command to it, "--cmd" and then "list".
Now, this is a little bit funky. This
content and directory, we don't have a
directory called "content," but now puts
our html in a directory on their server
called content, so that's why we have to
say this content. It's a little bit weird.
Hopefully, they'll fix that and make it a
little bit easier.
The key here is "-s," and what that means
is single page, it means regardless of the
URL here, it's always going to serve up
that index.html that lives in their form.
So if I type "ns" command, off and
running, initializing, deploying,
put me on a new URL here, now it works
great, then I visit the store and it seems
to be working. No problem here. If I
refresh, it still brings me to that store,
even though my index.html is being served
up, so that's a little command.
One little thing that we could do is use
that as an npm script.
If I go up one level, and I open up my
package.json file, what we can do is
actually create a script called "deploy,"
which will deploy it to now.
We can go on to our script. I'm going to
go right at the bottom here,
put a comma on there, and I'm going to
call on deploy, and I'm going to put that
command in here. Now we can switch this to
single quotes. And then the other thing
is, because we're going to be running this
from the catch-of-the-day folder and our
actual files have been the build folder,
we have to change this "ns",
"build", and that's going to just deploy
the build folder, and then it's going to
run this command for us. So if I save now,
if I run "npm run deploy," it runs the
deploy for us. It figures out this command
so you don't have to remember that
command. You'll never do that, but you can
remember npm and deploy,
it's going to deploy it to a new thing.
By the way, a little tip, if you hold down
command in iTerm, you can click on the
URL, makes them clickable, and you don't
have to copy-paste. So it works.
Load some sample fishes, edit it, refresh,
good. You see that my log in worked there,
and if you try your log in, it might not
work, and that's because you have to go to
your Firebase console, and you have to go
to Auth, sign in method,
and go to Authorized domains here, and you
know how we have localhost,
and catch-of-the-day.firebaseapp. Now you
have to add in "now.sh" by clicking "add
domain," because that's the actual domain
that it's going to work on.
So that is deploying with now, very
simple, very straight-forward.
You might get an error when you're
deploying, or maybe a warning that says,
"this file exceeds 1MB" and that's because
our...let me take a look at it,
open build, going to static, js, this map
file, that's the source map,
it's pretty big. Mine's 3.3 Megs, and it's
not going to deploy that on the free plan
for you, but that's totally fine, your
javascript will still work.
It's just debugging with your map won't
work. Don't worry about it.
If you see that error,
everything will still work just fine.